README.md, before:

# Not done yet, but should work please leave any feedback in the [discussions tab](https://github.com/Cool-showTTV/TheBlueAlliance-Embed/discussions)

# Known issues
- Text can be cut off if text is longer than my given width
- Some names can be cut but I currently don't know any (please send some!)
- Probably some more that I forgot

## How to use
There will be a home page to make getting link info quicker!<br>
Embed this link in an IFrame and replace "teamNum" with the team number you want<br>
```https://thebluealliance-embed.herokuapp.com/?num=teamNum```<br>
If you want to embed into your GitHub's organizations do this and replace "teamNum" with the team number you want<br>
```![events](https://thebluealliance-embed.herokuapp.com/?num=teamNum)```<br>

## Example
If you want an example of what it looks like here is The Juggernauts' embeded in GitHub.<br>
![events](https://thebluealliance-embed.herokuapp.com/?num=1)<br>
And here is an example of RoboBlitz with a diffrent font and color<br>
![events](https://thebluealliance-embed.herokuapp.com/?num=3936&font=Candara&color=00f)


## Future Ideas:
- [ ] Have a JS that can be added to auto put TBA events for teams. (no real reason just a challenge)

## To Do:
- [ ] Home page to make embeds easier for people.
- [X] Custom colors.

Commit message:

add home page link to readme

README.md, after:

# Not done yet, but should work please leave any feedback in the [discussions tab](https://github.com/Cool-showTTV/TheBlueAlliance-Embed/discussions)

# Known issues
- Text can be cut off if text is longer than my given width
- Some names can be cut but I currently don't know any (please send some!)
- Probably some more that I forgot

## How to use
Embed this link in an IFrame and replace "teamNum" with the team number you want<br>
```https://thebluealliance-embed.herokuapp.com/?num=teamNum```<br>
If you want to embed into your GitHub's organizations do this and replace "teamNum" with the team number you want<br>
```![events](https://thebluealliance-embed.herokuapp.com/?num=teamNum)```<br>
Or to make the links easyer to make use the [homepage](https://thebluealliance-embed.herokuapp).

## Example
If you want an example of what it looks like here is The Juggernauts' embeded in GitHub.<br>
![events](https://thebluealliance-embed.herokuapp.com/?num=1)<br>
And here is an example of RoboBlitz with a diffrent font and color<br>
![events](https://thebluealliance-embed.herokuapp.com/?num=3936&font=Candara&color=00f)


## Future Ideas:
- [ ] Have a JS that can be added to auto put TBA events for teams. (no real reason just a challenge)

## To Do:
- [ ] Home page to make embeds easier for people.
- [X] Custom colors.
